[LLM] New docs (#2828)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/llm-inference/reference-content/mixtral-8x7b.mdx

---
meta:
  title:  Mixtral-8x7B Large Language Model

>   description: This page explains the  Mixtral-8x7B Large Language Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page explains the Mixtral-8x7B Large Language Model
```

---
meta:

>   title: Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  title: Understanding the Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 model
```

>   description: This page explains the Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  description: This page provides information on the Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 model
```

content:

>   h1:  Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  h1:  Understanding the Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 model
```

>   paragraph: This page explains the Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page provides information on the Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 model
```

tags: 
categories:
  - ia
---

## Model overview

| Attribute       | Details                            |
|-----------------|------------------------------------|
| Provider        | [Mistral](https://mistral.ai/technology/#models)                         |
| Model Name      | `mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1`       |
| Compatible Instances | H100-2 (FP16)                 |

## Model name

```bash
mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1
```

## Compatible Instances

- [H100-2 (FP16)](https://www.scaleway.com/en/h100-pcie-try-it-now/)

## Model introduction

> 

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above

Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1, developed by Mistral, is tailored for instructional platforms and virtual assistants.
Trained on vast instructional datasets, it provides clear and concise instructions across various domains, enhancing user learning experiences.

## Why you will love it

Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 prioritizes user privacy and data sovereignty. Additionally, it was trained on the [Nabuchodonosor supercomputer](https://www.scaleway.com/en/ai-supercomputers/), ensuring high-quality instruction generation and performance.
Whether you are developing virtual assistants or educational platforms, Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 offers reliability and excellence.

## How to use it

<Message type="tip">
  Ensure you have the necessary libraries provided by NVIDIA for Triton to interact with the server from your client code.
  You can find these libraries on [GitHub](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/client/tree/main).
  Follow the instructions provided in the `README` file to integrate these libraries into your project.
</Message>

### Sending Inference requests

> To perform inference tasks with your LLM model deployed on the Triton Inference Server, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To perform inference tasks with your LLM model deployed on the Triton Inference Server, use the following command:
```

## Model introduction

Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1, developed by Mistral, is tailored for instructional platforms and virtual assistants.
Trained on vast instructional datasets, it provides clear and concise instructions across various domains, enhancing user learning experiences.

## Why you will love it

Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 prioritizes user privacy and data sovereignty. Additionally, it was trained on the [Nabuchodonosor supercomputer](https://www.scaleway.com/en/ai-supercomputers/), ensuring high-quality instruction generation and performance.
Whether you are developing virtual assistants or educational platforms, Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 offers reliability and excellence.

## How to use it

### Sending Inference requests

To perform inference tasks with your Mixtral model deployed at Scaleway, use the following command:

```bash
curl -s \
-H "X-Auth-Token: <IAM token>" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
--request POST \
--url "https://<Deployment UUID>.ifr.fr-par.scw.cloud/" \
--data '{"text_input": "<s>[INST] Sing me a song about Scaleway [/INST] Model answer</s>", "max_tokens": 200, "temperature": 0.2, "random_seed": 1, "top_p": 0.9}' | jq -r .text_output 
```

> Make sure to replace <IAM token> and <Deployment UUID> with your actual IAM token and the Deployment UUID you are targeting.

Reviewer 3: same here
